Donna Goff Computers and Consulting

* * *

Resume

Telephone:218-206-2470  
Fax: 801-305-8106

### Victor H. Goff III

## SUMMARY

Sr. Network Administrator and IT Project Manager with 15+ years of experience in systems architecture, systems design, network design, network management systems design, security, and managing IT departments.  
Senior technical architect with expertise in enterprise design and architecture as well as the integration of disparate systems. Experience includes hands-on capabilities such as configuration, development, testing, and implementation, which contribute to a broad foundation of technical skills and a unique ability to acquire quickly the required depth and proficiency for complex new tasks as the technical landscape changes.

## TECHNICAL SKILLS

Specializations: Network architecture and design, system design, Solaris, Linux, systems programming, systems integration.  
Unix Expertise: Solaris 2.5.6, RedHat Linux, Debian Linux, Slackware Linux, HP-UX 10.2., Apache Web Server, sendmail  
Windows Expertise: DOS, WFW, 95, 98, NT, 2000, NT Server, 2000 Server.  
Network Expertise: Cisco, TCP/IP, SNMP, SSH, DNS, VPNs, KVM systems (Rose KVM)  
Security Expertise: Checkpoint FW-1, Nokia  
DBMS Expertise: Oracle, ANSI SQL, various development databases  
Application Expertise: Meridian Mail, MS Office Suite, OpenOffice, StarOffice, Remedy, Exceed, etc.  
Backup Expertise: Legato, Clearcase, Backup Exec

## WORK EXPERIENCE

Moose Lake, MN  
(2001 – 2007)

#### **DONNA GOFF COMPUTERS AND CONSULTING**

**Computer and Network System Consultant**  
General consulting for various businesses and residential clients. We have installed and supported various operating systems, Windows (family), Linux (Suse, Redhat, Debian, DSL), Macintosh (OS 9, OS X), to name a few.  
Network solutions, such as Domain, DNS, SMB, NFS, DHCP, NTFS, and group permissions for network and system security, e-mail and web services are also in our field of service.  
Server buildouts are done with Raid 2/Raid 5 combinations for improved fault tolerance, and Point of Sale systems and back-end servers are built with the same careful considerations. We boast of a broad service area, extending from Forest Lake to Duluth, from Danbury, WI to Brainerd.

Hinckley, MN  
(2002 – 2005)

#### **GRAND CASINO HINCKLEY**

**Cashier, Slot Attendant**  
As a Cashier, was responsible for paying tickets and making change.  
As a Slot Attendant, was responsible for paying jackpots, making change, and minor machine fixes.

Burlington, MA  
(1998 – 2002)

#### **NOKIA, INC.**

**Sr. Network Administrator – IT Project Manager**  
As the Senior Network Administrator and Project Manager, responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining the necessary infrastructure to enable service delivery. Responsibilities included the development and maintenance of the service delivery, service management, and operational support systems. It also included providing top-level technical support of the Nokia Burlington infrastructure. Responsible for developing and implementing the technical aspects of customer service, including the establishment and maintenance standards specifications.

*   Designed scalable architecture and deployment strategy for leveraging distributed capabilities and load balancing technologies to enhance scalability and redundancy of the infrastructure while minimizing the operational costs.
*   Principal administrator responsible for product evaluation, specification, and selection. Selection and prototyping of best of breed products including Remedy, Legato, and Tivoli for network management systems.
*   Managed and configured infrastructure, including KVM systems (Rose KVM)
*   Primary Linux support, built baseline configurations for Linux distributions
*   Developed csh and bash scripts as needed for semi-automation of systems management.
*   Familiar with administration of Network Appliance Storage Systems.
*   Involved in high profile projects one of which was a wireless meeting between students at Harvard University and the President of Nokia in Finland. 90% wireless, technically demonstrated Nokia’s products in a non-technical focused forum.
*   Also used 3 different backup systems to evaluate, and eventually migrate to, the most appropriate system Legato
*   Involved in the business planning for the Americas (North and South) before being promoted to Sr. Network Administrator by the President of IM in Irving Texas. Hence was transferred to Burlington, MA to manage technical and customer relation issues as a Sr. Network Administrator. History of World Class Customer Service. Key member of IM Project Team Boston ’99, which involved setting up a brand new building in Burlington, moving 20+ business units from two buildings to the newly built one with little disruption. Routinely presented to the business units progress in issues, both technical and non-technical.
*   During first year deployed to Texas to setup a repair facility network environment in a hostile customer environment, highest degree of success, resulting in praise from clients and transfer offer.
*   Hired and led the technical team through initial planning, design, and system deployment.

Melbourne, FL  
(1997 – 1998)

#### **AEROTEK, INC.**

**Consultant**  
As a consultant, accepted work at Harris Semiconductor

*   Migrated the entire campus consisting of approximately 5 buildings from client side modem application to centralized modem pool
*   This project was done in less than the customer required time frame. More importantly, it was done with the least amount of discomfort to clients that wanted to keep personal modem, but were required to migrate.

Palm Bay, FL  
(1996 – 1997)

#### **THE SOFTWARE ZONE, INC.**

**Computer Technician**

*   Troubleshoot and repaired computer equipment in a timely manner. This position was a retail position, and therefore customer service was of utmost business importance.
*   Individually responsible for Compaq Authorized Warranty work, and processing forms.
*   Development database of up to date BIOS and firmware updates for efficient operation.

Melbourne, FL  
(1996 – 1996)

#### **MICRO ABACUS COMPUTERS**

**Technician**  
Mentored computer hardware technicians in a busy retail location. Offered a position of Store Manager at a proposed new location.

Satellite Beach, FL  
(1995 – 1996)

#### **TECHDECK, INC.**

**Vice President**  
Co-lead the business organization, overseeing day-to-day engineering and retail store, and repair operations, as well as business development and community relations.

*   Held contracts with the academic community for teaching computer repair, and computer engineering.
*   As such, one project that came of that was a learning kit that was provided to the students for the computer repair class. This consisted of tools to open cases of Mac, Compaq, IBM and PC cases, as well as IC Removal tools, soldering iron, multi-meter, etc. Just about anything you could want to determine an actual hardware failure, instead of just replacing cards.

Homestead, FL  
(1991 – 1996)

#### **IMAGINE THAT! BBS**

**Systems Administrator**  
Managed and operated a non-commercial Bulletin Board System (BBS) utilizing various software packages, Telegaurd, Virtual BBS, Wild Cat, Galacticomm BBS Software, etc.

*   This Bulletin Board System eventually was sold to TechDeck, Inc. while operating with Galacticomm BBS Software.
*   The system was able to effectively support 255 modems simultaneously.
*   The BBS also supported concurrently local network connections as well. Data, Chat, “Live” Games, and technical information were available to our customer base.

Homestead, FL  
(1992 – 1994)

#### **SELF EMPLOYED**

**Jack of Computer Trade**  
Sales of computer and network equipment, computer graphic work including still and motion video.

Homestead, FL  
(1991 – 1992)

#### PRO ELECTRONICS

**Executive Assistant**  
Organized notes and work for the Sole Proprietor of a VCR, Television, Electronic repair shop. Responsible for developing revolving parts orders. Also, started and increased computer repair volume.

Perrine, FL  
(1991 – 1992)

#### **EXPRESS ELECTRONICS**  
**Parts Clerk**  
Responsible for accounting for parts being sold, in inventory, and on order.  
Served as customer representative at POS.

United States  
(1987 – 1990)

#### **UNITED STATES AIR FORCE**

**Aircraft Avionics Technician**  
Responsible for the safe maintenance of F-16 fighters. The computer systems personally responsible for were Flight Control Computer, Navigation Computer and Fuel Systems. Directly responsible for other ‘straight’ electrical systems, as well. Additional skills: Self-Aid – Buddy Care Instructor /Advanced First Aid Instructor/ CPR Instructor/Advanced Life Saving.

## **EDUCATION**

Year

Company/Cert

City, State

2001

RedHat, Inc.

Burlington, MA

Redhat Linux Certified Engineer training

2000

Microsoft

Tampa, FL

Microsoft Certified Professional

1998

Prometric Testing Center

Cocoa Beach, FL

A+ Certification